I have no idea how to submit this homework, so I submitted the entire repo. My website url is https://farnesik.github.io

The main page is comprised of a header, main body section, contact, and footer.
After creating the default setup for the website (head), the index.html breaks down into 3 sections: the heading for Welcome to My Website! with links to the 2 pages and contact info, my about me paragraph, and the contact section.
The heading uses a navigation section to show each link in an unbulleted list. The 2 pages are tied to their page url, where contact is tied to the section id later on the page.
The About Me section has a simple smaller header, a paragraph of text, then a photo from the repository. The photo requires a class to make the image smaller and format it, and uses alt text if the photo doesn't appear.
The last section uses the same smaller header from About Me, then embeds links to my email and social media.
The footer at the bottom of the page acts as a cap for the page with some text.

The explain.html acts as the second page to explain more about my main hobby: climbing.
The heading uses the same setup as index.html, with h1 for the main header, h2 for a subheader, links to the other pages and so on.
The main text section about climbing uses a bulleted list to show places I want to go, and another image following the same format as before.
The contacts and footer remain the same.

The style.css document is structured as follows:
body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif; - Basic font choice
    background-color: #FFEDD5; - Chose a background to complement the blues/oranges I'll be using  
    color: #1E3A8A; - Used my favorite color combo for website
    margin: 0; - Established margins for the body of the website
    padding: 0; - Established no extra space in the body
    text-align: center; - Center alignment to keep everything central
    display: flex; - Flexible layout to allow for morphing on different devices
    flex-direction: column; - Column/vertical for scrolling/phone users.
    min-height: 100vh; - Setting a minimum in case the site doesn't load something so the format stays standard.
}

header - Chose orange to complement blue, added some space to the header for the choices, and made the base color white.
footer - Established the background color, padding space, width to cover the screen, aligned center to keep inline with other text, and kept margin area at the top of the footer.
main & section - Added padding to make website fit better
nav ul (li) (a) - Targeting the navigation elements on the pages to ensure they all ahve display formatting and look good for the website.
ul - The bulleted lists needed formatting because their bullets weren't staying with the text, so I found how to do that online with list-style-position, then set the rest to flow with the website.
.responsive-img - Restrictions for the image of 250x250 so the images don't cover the entire screen.
